Hey, take a picture of you coming here, the wind in this salt city.
Will shave today
Howling Wind
Dark Cloud Pressure
This is a sign of chaos.
This I have an unemotional invitation.
I wonder if you can help me.
Just say it.
I Ta Huy am also a grateful person.
Surely by now you have heard about the conflict between me and the Trieu family.
Now I get the news
The Trieu family received help from the Vuong family.
So I want to invite Concord out of the mountain.
Collecting the devastation of child labor
Help me destroy Trieu family
You can rest assured.
My goal is only the Trieu family.
Will not be staying with us for the time being, so after the matter is settled.
You can go find Ly Thanh yourself.
Okay, I promise.
Regardless of Truong Thieu Trieu's family
Do you know where best to start?
Shago any suggestions?
Ha ha, southeast
There is one of their base points.
Also one of their blood vessels.
If Truong Thieu Van catches him
That would stifle their weakness.
Sure enough, coming to find Ta ca was the right thing to do.
But let's do it together
Let this Tran continue.
Happy again
And us.